## System Errors in Azure-SSIS integration

Firstly, I would like to cover here System errors around IR provisioning and deprovisioning, and then move on to others related to IR. When it comes to starting failures in IR provisioning, first thing to realize is whether the issue is transient or permenant. If permenant, most likely the mitigation can be done on user side, if transient, this is highly likely a backend related error, and if retry helps, and if its not posing a problem to the pipeline, can be followed up as a low-severity incident with the ADF team (Most often these transient failures are regional or zonal).

I will be giving examples from now on regarding each of above. One of the most important transient, however significant system errors I have encountered is NoBatchNodeInFinalStateForLongTime, this is an error that despite its name, is not related to Azure Batch, and processes relevant to batch success is completed normally.
This error message is usually transmited to the user as just "Internal Error". In cases of messages like that, the user has no way of troubleshooting and should contact the team. These errors are also environment or resource agnostic, you might run into the same transient error in the same subscription, but another ADF resource. These errors are continiously being tried to be eliminated and make the platform as smooth as possible. Other significant system errors are SystemErrorSsisExecutor and SystemErrorFailedToDecryptPayloadCredential, which are also transient. One thing to note that these errors are very rare, and should not break the promised SLA. SSISExecutor error, as the name suggests, is related to the worker node

Permenant errors are user-related, as system errors are transient, and even though they might not work in the first retry, they will always resolve in a quick fashion, only to appear again, or not. If it caused by outage, mitigation will not leave any chances to it happening again, if not related to outage, a deeper process is on-going on and support team should be contacted to get more information. In fact, in Azure-SSIS a very large majority of errors are caused by user side, even more than for example dataflow user errors, which have a larger load of systemerrors due to ,for example, spark clusters.

Another point of complaints are SSIS-IR taking long time to provision, even though this is not an error, it might lead to timeout if it takes too much time, for example if the request does not hit a standby-pool (available only on certain environment settings such as not being inside a standard injected VNET), the time to provision might take up to an hour or more, if it hits the pool it could take like 5 minutes to start. 
